Good morning everyone! Thanks for joining the Sprint Planning session.
Let's start by reviewing what we accomplished last sprint and plan for the next two weeks.
Sure, I can kick us off. We completed the authentication refactor.
The new JWT implementation is live in production and we've seen a 40% reduction in auth-related errors.
That's great progress! On my end, the database migration to MongoDB Atlas is complete.
We're now running on the new cluster and performance metrics show 3x faster query times.
Excellent work team. I've been working on the recording upload feature.
The MVP is ready for testing - supports MP4, WebM, and audio-only formats up to 2GB.
Perfect timing. Let's discuss priorities for Sprint 12.
Our main focus should be the AI integration - specifically the summarization service.
I can take the lead on that. We'll use Gemini for generating summaries.
The plan is to analyze chunks and extract key discussion points, decisions, and action items.
Should we also implement the chat interface where users can ask questions about meetings?
Like a RAG system where they can query "What did we decide about the API redesign?"
Absolutely, that's a key feature for our Q1 roadmap.
James, can you pair with Michael on the chat implementation while Priya handles action item extraction?
Sounds good. I'll work on the frontend chat interface.
We should use a conversational UI with message history and context preservation.
For action items, I'm thinking we use NLP to identify tasks.
Look for phrases like "need to", "should implement", "action item", "follow up on", etc.
We can also extract deadlines when they're mentioned.
The LLM should be able to parse "by Friday" or "before the next sprint" contextually.
Great ideas. What about the recording upload flow? How should that work?
Users drag and drop a recording file. We'll extract audio if it's video.
Then send to a transcription service - maybe use Gemini's speech-to-text capabilities.
Or we could support VTT upload directly for MS Teams exports.
That way users who already have transcripts don't need to re-process recordings.
Good point. Let's support both workflows.
Upload raw recording OR upload VTT transcript directly. Maximum flexibility.
For the summary generation, what level of detail should we aim for?
Should it be a brief executive summary or more detailed section-by-section breakdown?
Let's provide both. A 3-sentence executive summary at the top.
Then a structured breakdown with key topics, decisions made, and action items assigned.
Should we also identify the speakers and their main contributions?
Like "Sarah led the discussion, Michael proposed X, Priya raised concerns about Y"?
Yes! That would be incredibly useful for people who missed the meeting.
One concern - what about privacy? Should we allow meeting hosts to disable AI features?
Good callout. Let's add a toggle in settings to opt-in or opt-out of AI processing.
Default should be opt-in with clear disclosure about what data is sent to the LLM.
We should also implement rate limiting on the API to prevent abuse.
Maybe 50 queries per hour per user for the chat feature, unlimited for summaries.
Makes sense. We don't want runaway costs on the Gemini API.
Alright, let's lock in our stories for Sprint 12. I'll create the tickets.
Story 1: Implement meeting summary generation with executive and detailed views.
Story 2: Build action item extraction with assignee detection.
Story 3: Create chat interface for querying meeting content.
Story 4: Add recording file upload with format support.
Story 5: Implement privacy controls and rate limiting.
I'll also add error handling and loading states to the UI.
Nothing worse than a spinner that never resolves or an error with no message.
I can write comprehensive unit tests for the LLM service layer.
We should mock the Gemini responses so we're not burning API credits in CI/CD.
Good idea. I'll set up integration tests for the full flow.
Upload a test VTT, verify chunks are created, test chat responses, validate summaries.
Perfect. Timeline - can we ship this in two weeks?
If we parallelize work and avoid blockers, yes.
I'll need the chunk data structure finalized by end of day Monday.
I can have that ready. It's mostly already defined.
Excellent. Let's sync daily at 9 AM to catch any blockers early.
And we'll do a demo on Friday for stakeholders to show progress.
Before we wrap - any dependencies or risks?
Main risk is Gemini API rate limits. We should monitor usage closely.
Also, what if transcripts are really long? Like 3-hour meetings?
We might hit token limits. Need a strategy to handle chunking for LLM context.
Good point. Let's use a sliding window approach.
Process in batches, then combine summaries. Like map-reduce for transcripts.
That would work. Summarize chunks, then summarize the summaries.
Anything else before we close out?
Just one more thing - let's make the UI beautiful.
Not just functional. Gradients, smooth animations, premium feel.
This is a product we want to showcase in our portfolio.
I'm on it. Using modern design principles.
Dark mode by default, ambient gradients, glassmorphism effects.
Sounds great. I'm excited to see this come together.
Same here. This is going to be a solid feature set.
Awesome energy, team! Let's execute and ship this.
Meeting adjourned. See you all at standup tomorrow.
Thanks everyone!
See you tomorrow!
Bye team!